Lg/cleanup local blockchain (#1571)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/quick-start/index.md

   git clone https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template
   ```

   In most cases, you can clone the `main` branch to get the latest code.

>    However, you can use the `--branch` command-line option to specify the Polkadot version you want to work with.

Author: ```suggestion
   However, you can use the `--branch` command-line option if you want to work with a Substrate branch that is compatible with a specific Polkadot version.
```

>    Click [Tags](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tags) to see the list of Polkadot versions.

Author: ```suggestion
   Click [Tags](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/tags) to see the list of branches that are compatible with specific Polkadot versions.
```
